docs: add guide for worker-loader (#3809)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/basic/web-workers.mdx

worker.postMessage(10);
```

For more details, please refer to [Rspack - Web Workers](https://rspack.dev/guide/features/web-workers).

### Using worker-loader

> > `worker-loader` is no longer maintained, it is recommended to use the `new Worker()` syntax.

Reviewer: Can we explain when users will need to use `worker-loader`?

> `worker-loader` is no longer maintained, it is recommended to use the `new Worker()` syntax.

> If your project is already using `worker-loader`, or you want to use the `inline` and other capabilities provided by `worker-loader`, you can use [worker-rspack-loader](https://github.com/rspack-contrib/worker-rspack-loader) as an alternative to `worker-loader` in the Rsbuild / Rspack project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project already uses `worker-loader`, or you want to use the `inline` and other features provided by `worker-loader`, you can use [worker-rspack-loader](https://github.com/rspack-contrib/worker-rspack-loader) as an alternative to `worker-loader` in the Rsbuild or Rspack project.
```
